# tbev_rec
This repository contains sequence alignments and scripts used in the paper.
1) There are 5 sequence alignments, which were used in the paper. __full_alignment.fasta__ includes all sequences of TBEV available on ... on Genbank. This alignment includes sequences with Genbank IDs ... and ..., which were excluded from the later analysis. __.sse__ alignment was used for the GS analysis. It already contains sequences divided into 4 groups used in the analysis: Siberian, Far-Eastern, OHFV, European. Sequences from 886-84-like group are represented by the consensus sequence on which the analysis was done. __JCF1__, __JCF2__, __JCF2__, __JCF3__ contain alignments used for the Bayesian reconstruction of the conflicting phylogeny characteristic for recombination. 
Code for automatisation of SSE and used sequence alignment
2) Folder __reshuffling__ contains python scripts used for the GSAUC analysis and its visualisation. For these scripts to work you have primarily to install SSE software (limitied to Windows OS) together with Phylip library to enable GS analysis. Next, you have to install pywinauto package on top of python3, used for automatisation of the GSAUC analysis. Pay attention to the version of pywinauto used in the analysis (v. 0.6.5), novel versions may not be compatible with the scripts. Scripts will likely not work on locked machines. You should either disable auto-locking of your local pc, or you may try improving script according to the guide: https://pywinauto.readthedocs.io/en/latest/remote_execution.html 
3) Folder __visualisation__ contain an ipynb notebook, which was developed to process and visualise GSAUC analysis results.
